_____________is a comparison of functionality between an existing system and a desired new system.

Select one:
a. Requirement elicitation
b. Use cases analysis
c. Document analysis
d. Gap analysis - d
"Provide a description of the user actions and corresponding system responses that will take place during execution of the use case under normal, expected conditions". This activity belong the __________ section in use case document.

Select one:
a. Alternative Flows
b. Normal Flow
c. Exceptions
d. Postconditions - b
A __________________ is discarded after it has been used to generate feedback, whereas an evolutionary prototype grows into the final product through a series of iterations.

Select one:
a. horizontal prototype
b. paper prototype
c. mock-up prototype
d. throwaway prototype - d
A key tool for software designer, developer and their test team is to carry out their respective tasks is defined by:

Select one:
a. Technical documentation
b. Requirements documentation
c. Software design documentation
d. Users document - B
Business requirements issues must be resolved:

Select one:
a. before the functional and nonfunctional requirements can be fully specified.
b. after the nonfunctional requirements can be fully specified.
c. along the functional and nonfunctional requirements can be fully specified.
d. after the functional and nonfunctional requirements can be fully specified. - a
Business requirements might come from

Select one or more:
a. funding sponsors
b. corporate executives
c. team members
d. marketing managers
e. end users
f. product visionaries - a, b, d, e
Change management can also be called

Select one:
a. change prevention
b. change control
c. change execution
d. change coordination - b
Customer needs are traced______________, so you can tell which requirements will be affected if those needs change during or after development

Select one:
a. forward from requirements
b. backward to requirements
c. forward to requirements
d. backward from requirements - c
Defining links between individual functional and nonfunctional requirements and specific system elements is an action of tracing ______________

Select one:
a. backward to requirements
b. forward from requirements
c. backward from requirements
d. forward to requirements - b
Developing acceptance tests and criteria to confirm that a product based on the requirements

Select one:
a. validation phase
b. elicitation phase
c. analysis phase
d. specification phase - a
Giving an example of quality requirements: "Authorization of an ATM withdrawal request shall take no more than 2.0 seconds". This is a__________



Select one:
a. performance requirement
b. interoperability requirement
c. reliability requirement
d. robustness requirement - a
How about estimating project size and effort from requirements? Based on 

Select one or more:
a. function points (Jones 1996b; IFPUG 2010) 
b. the number, type, and complexity of user interface elements 
c. the number of individually testable requirements (Wilson 1995) 
d. story points (Cohn 2005; McConnell 2006) or use case points (Wiegers 2006)
e. estimated lines of code needed to implement specific requirements - a , b, c, d, e
How to identify user classes?

Select one:
a. Base on the tasks that various users will perform with the system
b. Base on the roles that various users will take with the system
c. Base on the responsibilies that various users will play with the system
d. Base on the jobs that various users will do with the system - a
How to reduce the gap between what the customer needs and what the developer builds?

Select one:
a. developers should postpone the role of customer in project
b. have ongoing conversations between developers and customers
c. developers should do what the customer needs
d. developers need to catch up with the demands of customers - b
How to resolve requirements disputes between individual users?

Select one:
a. Product champion or product owner decide
b. Favored user class gets preference
c. Segment with greatest impact on business success gets preference
d. Business objectives dictate direction - a
Identify class users could be based on their access privilege or security levels,the features and 

Select one or more:
a. The frequency with which they use the product
b. The tasks they perform during their business operations
c. The platforms they will be using
d. Their native language
e. Their personality traits - a, b, c
In Agile project, a single representative of stakeholders is called

Select one:
a. product representative
b. product champion
c. product owner
d. product supplier - c
In Agile project, the product owner and product champion schemes are _______

Select one:
a. not mutually exclusive
b. not supported mutually
c. supported mutually
d. mutually exclusive - a
In the elicitation process, which task(s) could be done?

Select one or more:
a. Perform document analysis
b. Examine problem reports
c. Adopt requirement document template
d. Reuse existing requirements
e. Create prototypes
f. Identify requirement origins - a, b, d
In the V model, the user requirements are detected by ___________

Select one:
a. System testing
b. Integration testing
c. Acceptance testing
d. Unit testing - c
Managing requirements changes is difficult because

Select one or more:
a. high reliance on a single person
b. stakeholders always change their demands
c. document-centric process
d. technology usually out of date
e. difficult to understand the impact
f. lack of visibility - a, c, e, f
Performance is an external quality attribute which could be described:

Select one:
a. How easily the system can interconnect and exchange data with other systems or components
b. How well the system protects against unauthorized access to the application and its data
c. How easy it is for people to learn, remember, and use the system
d. How easily the system can grow to handle more users, transactions, servers, or other extensions
e. How quickly and predictably the system responds to user inputs or other events - e
Regarding user pesonas, a persona is a ____

Select one:
a. a description of a hypothetical, generic person
b. a description of characteristics person
c. a description of a group of users giving requirements
d. a characteristics of user class - a
Requirements management includes all activities that maintain ______________ of requirements agreements throughout the project.

Select one or more:
a. currency
b. compatibility
c. accuracy 
d. integrity - a, c, d
Requirements tracing is most likely concerned with the following(recovering the source of requirements from) 

Select one:
a. Observation to elicitation technique
b. Software requirement back to the system requirement it supports 
c. Software requirement to validation test
d. Analysis into requirements specification document - b
Resolving conflicting requirements are

Select one or more:
a. finding the same voice of all class users
b. determining who the decision makers will be for requirements issues
c. supporting the end users who could understanding their tasks
d. handling arbitrate questions of scope - a, b, d
The business analyst could be

Select one or more:
a. Systems analyst
b. Requirement analyst
c. System developer
d. Requirement manager
e. Application analyst
f. Requirements engineer - a, b, d, e, f
The Change Control Board will have a _____ who leads the team, and can often have the ability to overrule votes

Select one:
a. liaison
b. coordinator
c. president
d. chairperson - d
The change management board has a scope of authority that indicates what changes the team has the ability to _____ before elevating to a higher authority

Select one:
a. deny
b. approve
c. review
d. approve or deny - d
The important goals of writing requirement:

Select one:
a. None of the answers
b. Each reader's interpretation matches what the author intended to communicate
c. Anyone who reads the requirement comes to the same interpretation as any other reader
d. Each implementation of readers matches what the author intended to communicate - c
The iterations in Agile method should be 

Select one or more:
a. one week
b. one day
c. one year
d. one month - a, d
The MoSCoW prioritization scheme stand for four possible priority classifications for the requirements in a set (IIBA 2009):

Select one:
a. May, Should, Could, Won't
b. May, Should, Can, Won't
c. Must, Should, Can, Will
d. Must, Should, Could, Won't - d
The product champions is
Select one:
a. a person supplying requirements
b. a person of our user community to provide the requirements
c. a group members of our user community to provide the requirements
d. a few key members of user community to provide the requirements - d
The requirement will be implemented in a future release, this is _______status

Select one:
a. deferred
b. approved
c. deleted
d. implemented
e. verified - a
The requirements change management determines 

Select one or more:
a. process for requirements change
b. who will implement the functional changes
c. which stakeholders need to approve change
d. who does not need to be involved
e. who will be consulted or informed of change - a, c, d, e
The Software Requirements Specification document could not contain:

Select one or more:
a. The algorithm for software implementation
b. The test case for every function
c. Functional requirements
d. Nonfunctional requirements
e. Business rules - a, b
To depict the complex logic, which representation technique should be used?

Select one:
a. Data dictionary
b. Decision tree
c. Swimlane diagram
d. State-transition diagram
e. Data flow diagram - b
To depict the data definitions and data object relationships, which representation technique should be used?

Select one or more:
a. Data dictionary
b. Data flow diagram
c. Context diagram
d. Entity relationship diagram
e. Swimlane diagram - a, d
Updating sets of requirements is an activity of

Select one:
a. version control
b. requirements status tracking
c. change control
d. requirements tracing - c
We need decision makers and decision rules to move project ahead including

Select one or more:
a. resolving conflicts
b. meeting between developers and end users
c. approving a set of requirements
d. accepting or rejecting a proposed change - a, b, d
What happens during static testing?

Select one:
a. The programmers monitor the data entry screens as data is entered
b. The software is installed and tested for any logic errors
c. The code is examined for quality and efficiency
d. The users report missing functionality to the programmers - c
What happens to a rejected change request?

Select one:
a. It is closed
b. It gets incorporated without anyone knowing
c. It stops.
d. Nothing - c
What is a software requirements specification (SRS) document?

Select one:
a. A document detailing software requirements and specifications
b. A document which features instructions for how to install new software and test it for errors
c. A document used while testing the software code for validity
d. A document listing the time it takes to execute the existing manual processes - a
What is not the essential aspects of an agile approach to requirements?

Select one:
a. Documentation detail
b. Expect change
c. Budget change
d. Customer involvement
e. The backlog and prioritization
f. Timing - c
When the BA prepare questions and straw man models in a single requirements elicitation?

Select one:
a. document requirements
b. Perform elicitation activities
c. Follow up after elicitation
d. Prepare for elicitation - d
Which are the challenges that outsourced projects have to face:

Select one or more:
a. Remote developers lack the organizational and business knowledge
b. Too many candidates
c. Incorrect solution expectations
d. It's harder to get developer input on requirements and to pass along user feedback on delivered software to developers.
e. Language and cultural barriers
f. Large time zone differences - a, d, e, f
Which are the most common challenges with packaged solutions?



Select one or more:
a. Too many candidates
b. Vendor misrepresents package capabilities, Users reject the solution
c. Incorrect solution expectations
d. Large time zone differences.
e. Language and cultural barriers - a, b, c, e
Which are the roles of business analyst?

Select one or more:
a. Document the needs of the project stakeholders
b. Elicit the needs of the project stakeholders
c. Analyze the needs of the project stakeholders
d. Implement the needs of the project stakeholders
e. Validate the needs of the project stakeholders - a, b, c, e
Which are the techniques to reprent the project scope

Select one or more:
a. Feature tree
b. Context diagram
c. ERD
d. Even list
e. Ecosystem map
f. Use case diagram - a, b, d, e
Which could requirements be reused within an operating environment or platform?

Select one or more:
a. Constraints
b. Interfaces
c. Infrastructures of functionality needed to support certain types of requirements (such as a report generator)
d. Business rules
e. stakeholder profiles - a, b, c
Which is (are) not the roles of business analyst on Agile project?

Select one or more:
a. Help determine the best approach to document the backlog, including whether story cards or more formal tools are most appropriate
b. Preparing reports on programming project specifications, activities, or status
c. Ensure that requirements documentation is at the right level: not too little and not too much
d. Work with the rest of the team to determine the impact of changes on iteration contents and release plans
e. Consulting with engineering staff to evaluate software-hardware interfaces and develop specifications and performance requirements - b, e
Which is (are) not the taks of business analyst?

Select one or more:
a. Directing software programming and documentation development
b. Identify project stakeholders and user classes
c. Manage requirements
d. Directing system testing and validation procedure
e. Define business requirements
f. Plan the requirements approach - a, d
Which is (are) the essential Agile techniques to improve traditional requirements documentation?

Select one or more:
a. compliment user stories with supporting artifacts
b. invest in your User Stories
c. create prototypes
d. Create story board
e. create requirements that slice the cake
f. groom your User Stories often - a, b, c, e, f
Which is (are) the type of Agile method?

Select one or more:
a. Kanban
b. Scrum
c. Use case driven
d. Extreme Programming
e. Feature-Driven Development
f. Lean Software Development - a, b, d, e, f
Which is not an activity for a single requirements elicitation session?

Select one:
a. Follow up after elicitation
b. Perform elicitation activities
c. Requirements Documentation
d. Prepare for elicitation - c
Which is not the purpose of software prototype?

Select one:
a. Clarify, complete, and validate requirements
b. Specific technologies, tools, languages, and databases that must be used or avoided
c. Create a subset that will grow into the ultimate product
d. Explore design alternatives - b
Which is one of the most important stakeholder from the following ?

Select one:
a. Managers
b. Users of the software
c. Entry level personnel
d. Middle level stakeholder - b
Which is the definition of functional requirement?
Select one:
a. A goal or task that specific classes of users must be able to perform with a system, or a desired product attribute
b. A policy, guideline, standard, or regulation that defines or constrains some aspect of the business. Not a software requirement in itself, but the origin of several types of software requirements
c. A description of a property or characteristic that a system must exhibit or a constraint that it must respect
d. A description of a behavior that a system will exhibit under specific conditions
e. A top-level requirement for a product that contains multiple subsystems, which could be all software or software and hardware
f. A restriction that is imposed on the choices available to the developer for the design and construction of a product - d
Which is the definition of nonfunctional requirement?

Select one:
a. A description of a behavior that a system will exhibit under specific conditions
b. A policy, guideline, standard, or regulation that defines or constrains some aspect of the business. Not a software requirement in itself, but the origin of several types of software requirements
c. A top-level requirement for a product that contains multiple subsystems, which could be all software or software and hardware
d. A description of a property or characteristic that a system must exhibit or a constraint that it must respect
e. A goal or task that specific classes of users must be able to perform with a system, or a desired product attribute
f. A restriction that is imposed on the choices available to the developer for the design and construction of a product - d
Which is(are) external quality?

Select one or more:
a. Installability
b. Integrity
c. Efficiency
d. Availability
e. Security - a, b, d, e
Which is(are) quality attributes that we should consider their effects on desktop and mobile systems:

Select one:
a. performance, security, usability
b. integrity, interoperability, performance
c. availability, integrity, interoperability
d. performance, efficiency, reliability - a
Which is(are) the limitations of a document-based approach in developing and managing requirements ?

Select one or more:
a. Communicating changes to all affected team members is a manual process
b. It's not easy to store supplementary information—attributes—about each requirement.
c. It's hard to define links between requirements and other system elements
d. Manage and prioritize backlogs, allocate requirements to iterations
e. It's difficult to keep the documents current and synchronized. - a, b, c, e
Which is(are) the main purpose of use cases?

Select one:
a. Provide a brief description of the reason for and outcome of system
b. Exploring the requirements for embedded and other real-time systems
c. Exploring the requirements for business applications, websites, kiosks, and systems that let a user control a piece of hardware
d. Exploring the requirements for batch processes, computationally intensive systems, business analytics, and data warehousing. - c
Which is(are) true when we compare the purpose use case diagram and context diagram?

Select one or more:
a. The arrows in a context diagram indicate the flow of data, control signals, or physical materials across the system boundary
b. The arrows in a use case diagram simply indicate the connections between actors and use cases in which they participate; they do not represent a flow of any kind
c. The use case diagram depicts the data and functions of project while context diagram only illustrates the flow of data.
d. Both define the scope boundary between objects that lie outside the system and things inside the system - a, b, d
Which is/are not the requirements elicitation techniques?

Select one or more:
a. Interviews
b. Rational Unified Process(RUP)
c. Workshops
d. Focus groups
e. Questionaires - b
Which of the following is NOT the purpose of software verification and validation?

Select one:
a. To make sure that there are no programming errors in the software
b. To make sure that the users are correctly using the program
c. To make sure there are no errors when running the program
d. To make sure that all software requirements have been implemented - c
Which one of the following is a functional requirement ?

Select one:
a. Robustness
b. Security
c. Maintainability
d. Order products
e. Portability - d
Why do the business requirements conflict?

Select one or more:
a. Because they are collected from multiple documents
b. Because they come from a wide range stakeholders
c. Because they are issued from end users
d. Because they are collected from group of developers - a, b
Why reuse requirements?
Select one or more:
a. Faster delivery, lower development costs, consistency both within and across applications, higher team productivity, fewer defects, and reduced rework.
b. to estimate implementation effort if you have data available from implementing the same requirements on a previous project.
c. save review time, accelerate the approval cycle, and speed up other project activities, such as testing
d. improve functional consistency across related members of a product line or among a set of business applications - a, b, c, d
Why should we prioritize the requirements?
Select one or more:
a. To provide the highest value at the lowest cost.
b. To deal with competing demands for limited resources
c. Develop products through a series of fixed-schedule timeboxes for agile or other projects
d. Help the project deliver the maximum business value as quickly as possible within the project constraints - a, b, c, d
