1: How many test cases are required to cover 100% 0 - switch coverage respectively from X2?
Exhibit:
A. 4
B. 1
C. 3
D. 2	D
2: From a Testing perspective, what are the MAIN purposes of Configuration Management?:
i) Identifying the version of software under test. ii) Controlling the version of testware items.
iii) Developing new testware items. iv) Tracking changes to testw are items.
v) Analysing the need for new testware items.
A. ii, iv and v.
B. ii, iii and iv,
C. i, ii and iv.
D. i, iii and v.	C
3: Which of the following is a MAJOR task of test planning?
A. Scheduling test analysis and design tasks.
B. Initiating corrective actions.
C. Monitoring progress and test coverage.
D. Measuring and analyzing results.	A
4: Based on the IEEE Standard for Software Test Documentation (IEEE Std 829 - 1998), which of the following sections are part of the test summary report?
a) Summary
b) Test incident report identifier
c) Test deliverables
d) Risks and contingencies
e) Variances
f) Approvals
g) Output specifications
A. a, e and f
B. a, c and d
C. a, b and f
D. a, d and e	A
5: Which is a potential product risk factor?
A. Failure of third party vendor
B. Training issues
C. Problems requirements definitionD. Poor software functionality	D
6: Who typically use static analysis tools?
A. Customers and users
B. Developers and designers
C. Business and systems analystsD. System and acceptance testers	B
7: Who would USUALLY perform debugging activities?
A. Developers.
B. Analysts.
C. Testers.
D. Incident Managers.	A
8: Which of the following would you NOT usually find on a software incident report?
A. The name and / or organisational position of the person raising the problem.
B. Version of the Software Under Test.
C. Suggestions as to how to fix the problem.
D. Actual and expected results.	C
9: Which of the following defines the expected results of a test?
A. Test case specification.
B. Test design specification.
C. Test procedure specification.
D. Test results.	A
10: Some tools are geared more for developer use. For the 5 tools listed, which statement BEST details those for developers
i) Performance testing tools. ii) Coverage measurement tools. iii) Test comparators. iv) Dynamic analysis tools.
v) Incident management tools.
A. i, iii. and iv. are more for developers.
B. ii. and iv. are more for developers.
C. ii, iii and iv. are more for developers.
D. ii. and iii. are more for developers.	B
11: Which of the following is correct?
A. Impact analysis assesses the effect on the system of a defect found in regression testing.
B. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a new person joining the regression test team.
C. Impact analysis assesses whether or not a defect found in regression testing has been fixedcorrectly.
D. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a change to the system to determine how much regressiontesting to do.
color=#800000 size=2 face=Arial>	D
12: In software testing what is the main purpose of exit criteria?
A. To enhance the security of the system
B. To prevent the endless loops in code.
C. To swerve as an alternative or "Plan-B"D. To define when to stop testing	D
13: Given the following state transition diagram Which of the following series of state transitions contains an INVALID transition which may indicate a fault in the system design?
Exhibit:
A. Login Browse Basket Checkout Basket Checkout Pay Logout.
B. Login Browse Basket Checkout Pay Logout.
C. Login Browse Basket Checkout Basket Logout.
D. Login Browse Basket Browse Basket Checkout Pay Logout.	C
14: Which of the following is a KEY test closure task?
A. Ensuring proper environment setup
B. Writing a test summary reportC. Assessing the need for additional tests
D. Finalizing and archiving testware.	D
15: What is beta testing?
A. Testing performed by potential customers at the developers location.
B. Testing performed by potential customers at their own locations.
C. Testing performed by product developers at the customer's location.
D. Testing performed by product developers at their own locations.	B
16: Given the following fragment of code, how many tests are required for 100% decision coverage?
if width > length then biggest_dimension = width if height > width then
biggest_dimension = height
end_if else biggest_dimension = length if height > length then
biggest_dimension = height
end_if end_if
A. 3
B. 4
C. 2D. 1	B
17: You have designed test cases to provide 100% statement and 100% decision coverage for the following fragment of code.
if width > length then
biggest_dimension = width else
biggest_dimension = length end_if
The following has been added to the bottom of the code fragment above.
print "Biggest dimension is " & biggest_dimension print "Width: " & width print "Length: " & length
How many more test cases are required?
A. One more test case will be required for 100 % decision coverage.
B. Two more test cases will be required for 100 % statement coverage, one of which will be used toprovide 100% decision coverage.
C. None, existing test cases can be used.
D. One more test case will be required for 100" statement coverage.	C
18: Which defects are OFTEN much cheaper to remove?
A. Usability defects found by customers
B. Defects in infrequently used functionality
C. Defects that were detected earlyD. Minor defects that were found by users	C
19: Which activity in the fundamental test process creates test suites for efficient test execution?
A. Implementation and execution.
B. Planning and control.
C. Analysis and design.
D. Test closure.	A
20: Which of the following is TRUE?
A. Confirmation testing is testing fixes to a set of defects and Regression testing is testing to establishwhether any defects have been introduced as a result of changes.
B. Confirmation testing is testing to establish whether any defects have been introduced as a result ofchanges and Regression testing is testing fixes to a set of defects.
C. Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing to establish whether any defects havebeen introduced as a result of changes.
D. Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing fixes to a set of defects.	A
21: Given the following decision table: Which of the following test cases and expected results is VALID?
Rule 1
Rule 2
Rule
3
Rule 4
Conditions
Age
<21 yrs
21-29 yrs
30-50yrs
> 50yrs
Insurance Class
A
A or B
B. C or D C or D
Actions
Premium
 100
 90
 70
 70
Excess
 2,500
 2,500
 500
 1000
A. 23 year old in insurance class A Premium is 90 and excess is 2,500.
B. 51 year old in insurance class C Premium is 70 and excess is 500.
C. 31 year old in insurance class B Premium is 90 and excess is 2,500.
D. 43 year old in insurance class C Premium is 70 and excess is 1,000.	A
22: When should configuration management procedures be implemented?
A. During test planning.
B. During test analysis.
C. During test execution.
D. When evaluating exit criteria	A
23: Which of the following are characteristic of regression testing ?
i) Regression testing is run ONLY once ii) Regression testing is used after fixes have been made iii) Regression testing is often automated iv) Regression tests need not be maintained
Options:
A. ii, iv.
B. ii, iii.
C. i, iii, iv.
D. iii.	B
24: Which of the problems below BEST characterize a result of software failure?
A. Damaged reputation
B. Lack of methodology
C. Inadequate trainingD. Regulatory compliance	A
25: Which of the following activities should be performed during the selection and implementation of a testing tool?
i) Investigate the organisation's test process.
ii) Conduct a proof of concept.
iii) Implement the selected tool on a project behind schedule to save time.iv) Identify coaching and mentoring requirements for the use of the selected tool.
Options:
A. i, ii, iii.
B. ii, iii, iv.
C. i, iii, iv.
D. i, ii, iv.	D
26: What is the MAIN benefit of designing tests early in the life cycle?
A. It is cheaper than designing tests during the test phases.
B. It helps prevent defects from being introduced into the code.
C. Tests designed early are more effective than tests designed later.
D. It saves time during the testing phases when testers are busy.	B
27: Which of the following benefits are MOST likely to be achieved by using test tools?
i) Easy to access information about tests and testing.
ii) Reduced maintenance of testware.
iii) Easy and cheap to implement.iv) Greater consistency of tests.
Options:
A. ii and iv
B. ii and iii
C. i and iv
D. i and iii	C
28: Which of the following can be considered as success factors when deploying a new tool in an organization?
A. Providing coaching to users and defining usage guidelines
B. Monitoring tool usage and reducing the need for risk analysis
C. Improving processes and focusing more on component testingD. Assessing testing completion and minimizing code reviews	A
29: What is the purpose of exit criteria?
A. To define when a test level is complete.
B. To determine when a test has completed.
C. To identify when a software system should be retired.
D. To determine whether a test has passed.	A
30: Which test design technique relies heavily on prior thorough knowledge of the system?
A. Data driven testing technique
B. Experience-based technique
C. White-box techniqueD. Structure-based technique	B
31: With which of the following categories is a test comparator tool USUALLY associated?
A. Tool support for performance and monitoring.
B. Tool support for static testing.
C. Tool support for test execution and logging.
D. Tool support for the management of testing and tests.	C color=#000080 size=2 face=Arial>
32: Which activities form part of test planning?
i) Developing test cases.
ii) Defining the overall approach to testing.iii) Assigning resources.
iv) Building the test environment v) Writing test conditions.
A. i, ii & iv are true, iii & v are false.
B. ii & iii are true, i, iv & v are false.C. iv & v are true, i, ii & iii are false.
D. i, ii & iii are true iv & v are false.	B
33: Match the following terms and statements.
1.Decision Table Testing
2.Decision Testing
3.State Transition Testing
4.Exploratory Testing
W. Testing carried out w boxes to achieve specific test objectives, possibly to complement structuredtesting.
X. A test technique used which may be used to verify different system re depending on currentconditions or previous history.
Y. A test technique which combines combinations of inputs that might not otherwise have beenexercised during testing.
Z. A form of control flow testing based on decision outcomes.
Options:
A. 1Y, 2Z, 3X, 4W.
B. 1X ,2W, 3Z, 4Y.C. 1Z, 2X, 3W, 4Y.
D. 1Z, 2Y, 3X, 4W.	A
34: Which type of test design techniques does the following statement best describe a procedure to derive test cases based on the specification of a component?
A. Black Box Techniques.
B. White Box Techniques.
C. Glass Box Techniques.
D. Experience Based Techniques.	A
35: For which of the following would a static analysis tool be MOST useful?
A. Supporting reviews.
B. Validating models of the software.
C. Testing code executed in a special test harness.
D. Enforcement of coding standards.	D
36: Which test approaches or strategies are characterized by the descriptions below?
S. Process-compliant approaches
T. Heuristic approaches
U. Consultative approaches
V. Regression-averse approaches
1. Includes reuse of existing test material
2. Listens to suggestions from technology experts
3. Adheres to industry-specific standards
4. Runs test execution and evaluation concurrently
A. S4, T3, U2, V1
B. S1, T2, U3, V4
C. S2, T3, U1, V4D. S3, T4, U2, V1	D
37: What principle is BEST described when test designs are written by a third party?
A. Exploratory testing
B. Independent testing
C. Integration testing
D. Interoperability testing	B
38: Which of the following is a benefit of test independence?
A. It does not require familiarity with the code.
B. It is cheaper than using developers to test their own code.
C. It avoids author bias in defining effective tests.
D. Testers are better at finding defects than developers.	C
39: The above diagram represents the following paths through the code.
A. vwy
B. vwz
C. vxy
D. vxz
What is the MINIMUM combination of paths required to provide full statement coverage?
Exhibit:
A. A
B. ABD
C. ABCDD. ACD	A
40: Which of the following is MOST characteristic of specification based (black-box) techniques?
A. Test cases can be easily automated.
B. Test cases are independent of each other.
C. Test cases are derived systematically from models of the system .
D. Test cases are derived systematically from the delivered code.	C
41: Which of the following combinations correctly describes a valid approach to component testing:
i) Functional testing of the component in isolation.
ii) Structure-based testing of the code without recording incidents.
iii) Automated tests that are run until the component passes.iv) Functional testing of the interfaces between modules.
A. i and ii.
B. I, ii and iii
C. iii.
D. ii and iv
size=2 face=Arial>	B
42: Which of the following is a KEY test control task?
A. Initiating corrective actions
B. Determining the scope
C. Implementing the test policyD. Scheduling test implementation	A
43: What is the name of a skeletal implementation of a software component that is used for testing?
A. Use case
B. Domain
C. DriverD. Stub	D
44: Which is the best definition of complete testing:
A. You have discovered every bug in the program.
B. You have tested every statement, branch, and combination of branches in the program.
C. You have completed every test in the test plan.
D. You have reached the scheduled ship date.	A
45: Complete statement and branch coverage means:
A. That you have tested every statement in the program.
B. That you have tested every statement and every branch in the program.
C. That you have tested every IF statement in the program.
D. That you have tested every combination of values of IF statements in the program	B
46: There are several risks of managing your project's schedule with a statistical reliability model. These include (choose one or more of the following):
A. Testers spend more energy early in the product trying to find bugs than preparing to do the rest ofthe project's work more efficiently
B. Managers might not realize that the testing effort is ineffective, late in the project, because theyexpect a low rate of bug finding, so the low rate achieved doesn't alarm them.
C. It can increase the end-of-project pressure on testers to not find bugs, or to not report bugs.
D. All of the above	D
47: Typical defects that are easier to find in reviews than in dynamic testing are:
A. Deviations from standards,
B. Requirement defects,
C. Design defects,
D. Insufficient maintainability and incorrect interface specifications.
E. All of the above.	E
48: Reviews, static analysis and dynamic testing have the same objective
A. Identifying defects.
B. Fixing defects.
C. A. and B
D. None of the above	A
49: What techniques would be MOST appropriate if the specifications are outdated?
A. Structure-based and experienced-based techniques
B. Black-box and specification-based techniques
C. Specification-based and structure-based techniques
D. Structure-based technique and exhaustive testing	A
50: Measurement dysfunction is a problem because:
A. Even though the numbers you look at appear better, to achieve these numbers, people are doingother aspects of their work much less well.
B. We don't know how to measure a variable (our measurement is dysfunctional) and so we don'tknow how to interpret the result.
C. You are measuring the wrong thing and thus reaching the wrong conclusions.
D. All of the above.	A
51: Important consequences of the impossibility of complete testing are (Choose one or more answers):
A. We can never be certain that the program is bug free.
B. We have no definite stopping point for testing, which makes it easier for some managers to arguefor very little testing.
C. We have no easy answer for what testing tasks should always be required, because every task takestime that could be spent on other high importance tasks. D. All of the above.
face=Arial>	D
52: Poor software characteristics are
A. Only Project risks
B. Only Product risks
C. Project risks and Product risksD. Project risks or Product risks	B
53: System testing should investigate
A. Non-functional requirements only not Functional requirements
B. Functional requirements only not non-functional requirements
C. Non-functional requirements and Functional requirements
D. Non-functional requirements or Functional requirements	C
54: Contract and regulation testing is a part of
A. System testing
B. Acceptance testing
C. Integration testingD. Smoke testing	B
55: Find the correct flow of the phases of a formal review
A. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Kick off
B. Planning, Individual preparation, Kick off, Rework
C. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Follow upD. Planning, Individual preparation, Follow up, Kick off	C
56: Which is not the testing objectives
A. Finding defects
B. Gaining confidence about the level of quality and providing information
C. Preventing defects.D. Debugging defects	D
57: Which of the following is a KEY task of a tester?
A. Reviewing tests developed by others
B. Writing a test strategy for the project
C. Deciding what should be automatedD. Writing test summary reports	A
58: Which is not the project risks
A. Supplier issues
B. Organization factors
C. Technical issues
D. Error-prone software delivered	D
59: Which of the following is a potential risk in using test support tools?
A. Under estimating the effort needed to maintain the test assets
B. Losing access to important testing information when needed
C. Relying too much on qualitative and quantitative assessmentsD. Lowering the morale of the test team because of repetition	A
60: How many test cases are needed to achieve 100 % statement coverage?
if ((temperature < 0) or (temperature > 100)) { alert ("DANGER"); if ((speed > 100) and (load <= 50)) { speed = 50;
}
} else { check = false;
}
A. 5
B. 4
C. 2D. 3	C
61: X has given a data on a person age, which should be between 1 to 99. Using BVA which is the appropriate one
A. 0,1,2,99
B. 1, 99, 100, 98
C. 0, 1, 99, 100D. 1, 0, 1, 99	C
62: Which is not a testing principle
A. Early testing
B. Defect clustering
C. Pesticide paradoxD. Exhaustive testing	D
63: What consists of a set of input values, execution pre conditions and expected results?
A. Test script
B. Test procedure specification
C. Test caseD. Test data	C
64: The ___________ Testing will be performed by the people at client own locations
A. Alpha testing
B. Field testing
C. Performance testingD. System testing	B
65: Which of the following is the standard for the Software product quality
A. ISO 9126 B. ISO 829
C. ISO 1012 D. ISO 1028	A
66: Which is not a black box testing technique
A. Equivalence partition B. Decision tables
C. Transaction diagrams D. Decision testing	D
67: Find the mismatch
A. Test data preparation tools Manipulate Data bases
B. Test design tools Generate test inputs
C. Requirement management tools Enables individual tests to be traceable
D. Configuration management tools Check for consistence	D
68: Which of the following MAIN activity is part of the fundamental test process?
A. Initiating and planning
B. Documenting r oot-causes
C. Capturing lessons learnedD. Planning and control	D
69: Purpose of test design technique is
A. Identifying test conditions only, not Identifying test cases
B. Not Identifying test conditions, Identifying test cases only
C. Identifying test conditions and Identifying test cases
D. Identifying test conditions or Identifying test cases	C
70: One person has been dominating the current software process improvement meeting. Which of the following techniques should the facilitator use to bring other team members into the discussion?
A. Confront the person and ask that other team members be allowed to express their opinions.
B. Wait for the person to pause, acknowledge the person s opinion, and ask for someone else s opinion.
C. Switch the topic to an issue about which the person does not have a strong opinion.
D. Express an opinion that differs from the person s opinion in order to encourage others to express their ideas.	B
71: Stochastic testing using statistical information or operational profiles uses the following method
A. Heuristic testing approach
B. Methodical testing approach
C. Model based testing approach
D. Process or standard compliant testing approach	C
72: A software model that can t be used in functional testing
A. Process flow model
B. State transaction model
C. Menu structure model
D. Plain language specification model	C
73: Arc testing is known as
A. Branch testing
B. Agile testing
C. Beta testingD. Ad-hoc testing	A
74: The purpose of exit criteria is
A. Define when to stop testing
B. End of test level
C. When a set of tests has achieved a specific pre conditionD. All of the above	D
75: Which factors contribute to humans making mistakes that can lead to faulty software?
I. Setting aggressive schedule
II. Integrating complex systems
III. Allocating adequate resourcesIV. Failing to control changes
A. I and II are true; III and IV are false
B. II and IV are true; I and III are false
C. I, II and IV are true; III is falseD. I, II and III are true; IV is false	C
76: Which sections are included as part of the test summary report?
W. Variances
X. Comprehensive assessment
Y. Evaluation
Z. Summary of activities
A. W, X and Y
B. W, X, Y and Z
C. W and X
D. W, X and Z	B
77: What is the main purpose of Informal review
A. Inexpensive way to get some benefit
B. Find defects
C. Learning, gaining understanding, effect findingD. Discuss, make decisions, solve technical problems	A
78: Which is not a Component testing
A. Check the memory leaks
B. Check the robustness
C. Check the branch coverageD. Check the decision tables	D
79: Which test can be performed at all test levels?
A. System testing
B. Operational testing
C. Structural testingD. Integration testing	C
80: Which is not the fundamental test process
A. Planning and control
B. Test closure activities
C. Analysis and designD. None	D
81: The ________ and ________ are used within individual workbenches to produce the right output products.
A. Tools and techniques
B. Procedures and standards
C. Processes and walkthroughsD. Reviews and update	B
82: Which aspects of testing will establishing traceability help?
A. Configuration management and test data generation
B. Test case specification and change control
C. Test condition and test procedure specificationD. Impact analysis and requirements coverage	D
83: The principle of Cyclomatic complexity, considering L as edges or links, N as nodes, P as independent paths
A. L-N +2P
B. N-L +2P
C. N-L +PD. N-L +P	A
84: FPA is used to
A. To measure the functional requirements of the project
B. To measure the size of the functionality of an Information system
C. To measure the functional testing effortD. To measure the functional flow	B
85: A _____ is the step-by-step method followed to ensure that standards are met
A. SDLC
B. Project Plan
C. PolicyD. Procedure	D
86: Which is not a test Oracle
A. The existing system (For a bench mark)
B. The code
C. Individual s knowledgeD. User manual	B
87: PDCA is known as
A. Plan, Do, Check, Act
B. Plan, Do, Correct, Act
C. Plan, Debug, Check, ActD. Plan, Do, Check, Accept	A
88: Which is the non-functional testing
A. Performance testing
B. Unit testing
C. Regression testingD. Sanity testing	A
89: Which of the following is a MAJOR test planning task?
A. Determining the exit criteria
B. Measuring and analyzing results
C. Implementing corrective actionsD. Monitoring and documenting progress	A
90: Testing where in we subject the target of the test , to varying workloads to measure and evaluate the performance behaviors and ability of the target and of the test to continue to function properly under these different workloads.
A. Load Testing
B. Integration Testing
C. System TestingD. Usability Testing	A
91: Which of the following is the task of a Tester?
i. Interaction with the Test Tool Vendor to identify best ways to leverage test tool on the project. ii. Prepare and acquire Test Data iii. Implement Tests on all test levels, execute and log the tests. iv. Create the Test Specifications
A. i, ii, iii is true and iv is false
B. ii,iii,iv is true and i is falseC. i is true and
ii,iii,iv are false
D. iii and iv is correct and i and ii are incorrect	B
92: What can static analysis NOT find?
A. The use of a variable before it has been defined
B. Unreachable ("dead") code
C. Memory leaks
D. Array bound violations	C
93: White Box Techniques are also called as:
A. Structural Testing
B. Design Based Testin
C. Error Guessing TechniqueD. Experience Based Technique	A
94: Reviewing the test Basis is a part of which phase
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Implementation and execution
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting	A
95: Component Testing is also called as :-
i. Unit Testing ii. Program Testing iii. Module Testing iv. System Component Testing .
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,ii,iii,iv are false
C. i,ii,iv are true and iii is falseD. all of above is true	A
96: Based on the IEEE Standard for Software Test Documentation (IEEE Std 829-1998), which sections of the test incident report should the following items be recorded?
Sections
a) Test incident report identifier
b) Summary
c) Incident description
d) Impact
Items
1. Impact on test plans
2. Unique identifier
3. Anomalies
4. Procedure step
5. Environment
6. References to other relevant documents
A. a: 2; b: 4; c: 1, 3 and 5; d: 6
B. a: 2; b: 3; c: 4, 5 and 6; d: 1
C. a: 2; b: 6; c: 3, 4 and 5; d: 1D. a: 2; b: 1; c: 3, 4 and 5; d: 6	C
97: Which of the following is true about Formal Review or Inspection:-
i. Led by Trained Moderator (not the author).
ii. No Pre Meeting Preparationsiii. Formal Follow up process. iv. Main Objective is to find defects
A. ii is true and i,iii,iv are false
B. i,iii,iv are true and ii is false
C. i,iii,iv are false and ii is trueD. iii is true and I,ii,iv are false	B
98: The Phases of formal review process is mentioned below arrange them in the correct order. i. Planning ii. Review Meeting iii. Rework iv. Individual Preparations v. Kick Off vi. Follow Up
A. i,ii,iii,iv,v,vi
B. vi,i,ii,iii,iv,v
C. i,v,iv,ii,iii,viD. i,ii,iii,v,iv,vi	C
99: Testing activity which is performed to expose defects in the interfaces and in the interaction between integrated components is :
A. System Level Testing
B. Integration Level Testing
C. Unit Level TestingD. Component Testing	B
100: Methodologies adopted while performing Maintenance Testing:-
A. Breadth Test and Depth Test
B. Re-testing
C. Confirmation Testing
D. Sanity Testing	A
101: The Switch is switched off once the temperature falls below 18 and then it is turned on when the temperature is more than 21. When the temperature is more than 21. Identify the Equivalance values which belong to the same class.
A. 12,16,22
B. 24,27,17
C. 22,23,24D. 14,15,19	C
102: What is an equivalence partition (also known as an equivalence class)?
A. A set of test cases for testing classes of objects
B. An input or output range of values such that only one value in the range becomes a test case
C. An input or output range of values such that each value in the range becomes a test case
D. An input or output range of values such that every tenth value in the range becomes a test case.	B
103: Which of the following is not a part of the Test Implementation and Execution Phase
A. Creating test suites from the test cases
B. Executing test cases either manually or by using test execution tools
C. Comparing actual resultsD. Designing the Tests	D
104: Link Testing is also called as :
A. Component Integration testing
B. Component System Testing
C. Component Sub System TestingD. Maintenance testing	A
105: Who are the persons involved in a Formal Review :-
i. Manager ii. Moderator iii. Scribe / Recorder iv. Assistant Manager
A. i,ii,iii,iv are true
B. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false.C. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false.
D. i,iv are true and ii, iii are false.	B
106: Which of the following statements regarding static testing is false:
A. Static testing requires the running of tests through the code
B. Static testing includes desk checking
C. Static testing includes techniques such as reviews and inspectionsD. Static testing can give measurements such as cyclomatic complexity	A
107: Designing the test environment set-up and identifying any required infrastructure and tools are a part of which phase
A. Test Implementation and execution
B. Test Analysis and Design
C. Evaluating the Exit Criteria and reportingD. Test Closure Activities	B
108: A Type of functional Testing, which investigates the functions relating to detection of threats, such as virus from malicious outsiders.
A. Security Testing
B. Recovery Testing
C. Performance TestingD. Functionality Testing	A
109: A Person who documents all the issues, problems and open points that were identified during a formal review.
A. Moderator.
B. Scribe
C. AuthorD. Manager	B
110: The Test Cases Derived from use cases
A. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during real world use of the system
B. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during the testing use of the system
C. Are most useful in covering the defects in the process flows during real world use of the system
D. Are most useful in covering the defects at the Integration Level	A
111: One of the fields on a form contains a text box which accepts alpha numeric values. Identify the Valid Equivalence class
A. BOOK
B. Book
C. Boo01kD. book	C
112: Which of the following are potential benefits of using test support tools?
A. Ensuring greater consistency and minimizing software project risks
B. Reducing repetitive work and gaining easy access to test information
C. Performing objective assessment and reducing the need for trainingD. Allowing for greater reliance on the tool to automate the test process	B
113: Which statements correctly describe certain phases of a formal review?
A. Looking for defects occurs during kick-off phase Fixing defects found happens during rework phase
B. Personnel selection occurs during planning phase
Gathering metrics happens during the review meeting phase
C. Distributing documents occurs during the planning phase
Personal review happens during individual preparation phase
D. Personnel selection occurs during planning phase
Fixing defects found happens during rework phase	D
114: A Project risk includes which of the following :
A. Organizational Factors
B. Poor Software characteristicsC. Error Prone software delivered.
D. Software that does not perform its intended functions	A
115: Which of the following is a Key Characteristics of Walk Through
A. Scenario , Dry Run , Peer Group
B. Pre Meeting Preparations
C. Formal Follow Up ProcessD. Includes Metrics	A
116: Which of the following techniques is NOT a White box technique?
A. Statement Testing and coverage
B. Decision Testing and coverage
C. Condition CoverageD. Boundary value analysis	D
117: Reporting Discrepancies as incidents is a part of which phase :-
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Implementation and execution
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting	B
118: In a risk-based approach the risks identified may be used to :
i. Determine the test technique to be employed ii. Determine the extent of testing to be carried out iii. Prioritize testing in an attempt to find critical defects as early as possible. iv. Determine the cost of the project
A. ii is True; i, iii, iv & v are False
B. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
C. ii & iii are True; i, iv are FalseD. ii, iii & iv are True; i is false	C
119: Incidents would not be raised against:
A. Requirements
B. Documentation
C. Test cases
D. Improvements suggested by users	D
120: The Planning phase of a formal review includes the following :-
A. Explaining the objectives
B. Selecting the personnel, allocating roles.
C. Follow up
D. Individual Meeting preparations	B
121: Test Implementation and execution has which of the following major tasks?
i. Developing and prioritizing test cases, creating test data, writing test procedures and optionallypreparing the test harnesses and writing automated test scripts.
ii. Creating the test suite from the test cases for efficient test execution.iii. Verifying that the test environment has been set up correctly.
iv. Determining the exit criteria.
size=2 face=Arial>
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,,iv are true and ii is false
C. i,ii are true and iii,iv are falseD. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false	A
122: One of the fields on a form contains a text box which accepts numeric values in the range of 18 to 25. Identify the invalid Equivalance class
A. 17
B. 19
C. 24
D. 21	A
123: Exhaustive Testing is
A. Is impractical but possible
B. Is practically possible
C. Is impractical and impossibleD. Is always possible	C
124: Which tool needs to interface with other office automation software in order to generate reports in the format required by the organization?
A. Progress tracking tools
B. Test management tools
C. Metrics management toolsD. Test execution tools	B
125: Which one is not comes under international standard
A. IEC
B. IEEE
C. ISO
D. All of the above	D
126: In which phase static tests are used
A. Requirements
B. Design
C. Coding
D. All of the above	D
127: What's the disadvantage of Black Box Testing
A. Chances of having repetition of tests that are already done by programmer.
B. The test inputs needs to be from large sample space.
C. It is difficult to identify all possible inputs in limited testing time. So writing test cases is slow anddifficult
D. All above	D
128: What is the process of analyzing and removing causes of failures in software?
A. Validation
B. Testing
C. DebuggingD. Verification	C
129: Majority of system errors occur in the _________ phase
A. Requirements Phase.
B. Analysis and Design Phase
C. Development PhaseD. Testing Phase	A
130: Which of the following is a MAJOR task when evaluating the exit criteria?
A. Creating test suites and cases for efficient execution
B. Writing a test summary report for stakeholders
C. Handing the testware to the maintenance organizationD. Identifying any required infrastructure and tools	B
131: How much percentage of the life cycle costs of a software are spent on maintenance.
A. 10%
B. 30%
C. 50%D. 70%	D
132: When a defect is detected and fixed then the
software should be retested to confirm that the original defect has been successfully removed. This is called
A. Regression testing
B. Maintenance testing
C. Confirmation testingD. None of the above	C
133: Which of the following is a valid objective of an incident report?
A. Prove that the tester is contributing to the quality of the system.
B. Provides test management ideas for test process improvement.
C. Gives a statistical way to determine which modules to redesign.
D. Provides developers a way to critique their individual work processes.	B
134: When to stop Testing?
A. Stop when scheduled time for testing expires
B. Stop if 75% of the pre-defined number of errors is detected.
C. Stop when all the test cases execute with detecting few errors.D. None above	A
135: Which of the following are success factors for reviews?
I. Clear objectives for each review.
II. Checklists and/or roles are used to increase effectiveness of defect identification.
III. There is an emphasis on process improvement.
IV. People issues and psychological aspects are not reviewed.
A. I and III
B. II, III and IV
C. I, II and III
D. IV	C
136: Structure is unknown for which type of development project
A. Traditional system development
B. Iterative development
C. System maintenance
D. Purchased/contracted software	D
137: ________indicates how important it is to fix the bug and when it should be fixed
A. Severity
B. Priority
C. All of the aboveD. None of the above	C
138: The person who leads the review of the document(s), planning the review,running the meeting and follow-up after the meeting
A. Reviewer
B. Author
C. ModeratorD. Auditor	C
139: Performs sufficient testing to evaluate every possible path and condition in the application system. The only test method that guarantees the proper functioning of the application system is called as _____________
A. Regression Testing
B. Exhaustive Testing
C. Basic Path TestingD. Branch Testing	C
140: Which of the following statements contains a valuable objective for a test team?
A. Prove that the remaining defects will not cause any additional failures.
B. Run all of the tests that are defined for the test object as quickly as possible.
C. Prove that all faults have been identified through thorough testing.
D. Cause as many failures as possible so that faults can be identified and corrected.	D
141: A formal assessment of a work product conducted by one or more qualified independent reviewer to detect defects.
A. Inspection.
B. Walkthrough.
C. Review
D. Non Conformance	A
142: Which of the following are MAJOR test implementation and execution tasks?
I. Repeating test activities
II. Creating test suites
III. Reporting discrepancies
IV. Logging the outcome
V. Analyzing lessons learned
A. II, III and IV
B. I, III, IV and V
C. I, II, III and IVD. III, IV and V	C
143: Which tasks are performed by a test leader versus a tester?
S. Writing a project test strategy
T. Selecting tools to support testing
U. Preparing and acquiring data
V. Scheduling tests
A. Test leader: S and V; Tester: T and U
B. Test leader: S, T and V; Tester: U
C. Test leader: S, U and V; Tester: TD. Test leader: S; Tester: T, U and V	B
144: What type of tools to be used for Regression Testing
A. Performance B. Record/Playback
C. A. & B. D. None	B
145: System Integration testing should be done after
A. Integration testing
B. System testing
C. Unit testing
D. Component integration testing	C
146: During this event the entire system is tested to verify that all functional information structural and quality requirements have been met. A predetermined combination of tests is designed that when executed successfully satisfy management that the system meets specifications
A. Validation Testing
B. Integration Testing
C. User Acceptance TestingD. System Testing	C
147: What is the normal order of activities in which software testing is organized?
A. Unit, integration, system, validation
B. System, integration, unit, validation
C. Unit, integration, validation, systemD. None of the above	A
148: During testing, a defect was found in which the system crashed when the network got disconnected while receiving data from the server. The defect was fixed by correcting functionality which checks the network availability during data transfer. Existing test cases did cover 100% of the module statements. To verify the fix and ensure more extensive coverage, some tests were designed and added to the test suite. What types of testing are mentioned above?
I. Functional testing
II. Structural testing
III. Confirmation testing
IV. Performance testing
A. I, III and IV
B. I and III
C. II and IV
D. I, II and III	D
149: What is a scripting technique that uses data files to contain not only test data and expected results, but also keywords related to the application being tested?
A. Automation technique
B. Scripting language
C. Process-driven testingD. Keyword-driven testing	D
150: The principal attributes of tools and automation are
A. Speed & efficiency
B. Accuracy & precision
C. All of the aboveD. None of the above	C
151: In ______ testing doesn't know anything about the sofware being tested; it just clicks or types randomly.
A. Random testing
B. Gorilla testing
C. Adhoc testing
D. Dumb monkey testing	D
152: A series of probing questions about the completeness and attributes of an application system is called
A. Checklist
B. Checkpoint review
C. Decision tableD. Decision tree	A
153: The testing technique that requires devising test cases to demonstrate that each program function is operational is called
A. Black-box testing
B. Glass-box testing
C. Grey-box testingD. White-box testing	C
154: A white box testing technique that measures the number of or percentage of decision directions executed by the test case designed is called
A. Condition coverage
B. Decision/Condition coverage
C. Decision CoverageD. Branch coverage	B
155: Which summarizes the testing activities associated with one or more test design specifications.
A. Test Summary report
B. Test Log
C. Test Incident ReportD. Test Script	C
156: Which test investigates both functional and non-functional system requirements?
A. Alpha testing
B. System testing
C. Acceptance testingD. Confirmation testing	B
157: Which test ensures that modifications did not introduce new problems?
A. Stress testing
B. Black-box testing
C. Structural testing
D. Regression testing	D
158: Which of the following are potential benefits of adding tools to the test process?
I. Reduction of repetitive testing procedures.
II. Ability to hire testers with fewer technical skills.
III. Ability to get an objective assessment of progress.
IV. Greater consistency in testing procedures.
A. II, III and IV
B. I, III and IV
C. I, II and III
D. I, II and IV	B
159: Which testing is used to verify that the system can perform properly when internal program or system limitations have been exceeded
A. Stress Testing
B. Load Testing
C. Performance TestingD. Volume testing	A
160: In any software development life cycle (SDLC) model, which of the following are characteristics of good testing?
I. Providing complete test coverage of all branches of the system code.
II. Having a corresponding testing activity for each development activity.
III. Testers should be involved in reviewing documents as soon as drafts are available.
IV. Each test level has test objectives specific to that level.
A. II, III and IV
B. I and III
C. I, III and IV
D. I and II	A
161: What is the ratio of the number of failures relative to a category and a unit of measure?
A. Failure rate
B. Defect density
C. Failure modeD. Fault tolerance	A
162: Typical defects discovered by static analysis includes
A. Programming standard violations
B. Referring a variable with an undefined value
C. Security vulnerabilities
D. All Above	C
163: EULA stands for
A. End Usability License Agreement
B. End User License Agreement
C. End User License ArrangementD. End User License Attachment	B
164: What test can be conducted for off - the - shelf software to get market feedback?
A. Beta testing
B. Usability testing
C. Alpha testingD. COTS testing	A
165: CAST stands for
A. Computer Aided Software Testing
B. Computer Aided Software Tools
C. Computer Analysis Software Techniques
D. None	A
166: How can software defects in future projects be prevented from reoccurring?
A. Creating documentation procedures and allocating resource contingencies
B. Asking programmers to perform a thorough and independent testing
C. Combining levels of testing and mandating inspections of all documentsD. Documenting lessons learned and determining the root cause of problems	D
167: Which test may not mimic real world situations
A. Functional testing
B. Structural Testing
C. All of the aboveD. None of the above	B
168: _______ includes both Black box and White Box Testing features
A. Gray Box Testing
B. Hybrid Testing
C. A. & B.D. None	A
169: Which of the following are the main stages of a formal review?
A. Initiation, Preparation, Informal Review Meeting, Status, Rework, and Follow up.
B. Planning, Preparation, Technical Review, Rework, and Closure.
C. Preparation, Inspection, Rework, Closure, and Follow up.
D. Planning, Kick off, Individual Preparation, Review Meeting, Rework, and Follow up.	D
170: Tool which stores requirement statements, check for consistency and allow requirements to be prioritized and enable individual tests to be traceable to requirements, functions and features.
A. Incident management tools
B. Requirements management tools
C. Configuration management toolsD. None	B
171: Which of the following are success factors when rolling out a new tool?
I. Roll the tool out to the entire organization to ensure reasonably even coverage.
II. Avoid changing existing processes to reduce impact of the tool.
0in 0in 0pt" class=MsoBodyText>III. Provide training and mentoring to new users. IV. Allow users to determine where the tool fits into the process best.
A. I and II
B. I, III and IV
C. III
D. IV	C
172: As a test leader you are collecting measures about defects. You recognize that after the first test cycle covering all requirements - subsystem C has a defect density that is 150% higher than the average. Subsystem A on the other hand has a defect density that is 60% lower than the average. What conclusions for the next test cycle could you draw from this fact?
A. It is probable that subsystem C has still more hidden defects. Therefore we need to test subsystemC in more detail.
B. Because we have already found many defects in subsystem C, we should concentrate testingresources on Subsystem A.
C. Observed defect density does not allow any conclusions about the amount of additional testing.
D. We should try to equalize the amount of testing over all modules to ensure that we test allsubsystems evenly.	A
173: Which of these are objectives for software testing?
A. Determine the productivity of programmers
B. Eliminate the need for future program maintenance
C. Eliminate every error prior to releaseD. Uncover software errors	D
174: Failure is _________
A. Incorrect program behavior due to a fault in the program
B. Bug found before product Release
C. Bug found after product ReleaseD. Bug found during Design phase	A
175: During the software development process, at what point can the test process start?
A. When the code is complete.
B. When the design is complete.
C. When the software requirements have been approved.D. When the first code module is ready for unit testing	C
176: "How much testing is enough?"
A. This question is impossible to answer
B. This question is easy to answer
C. The answer depends on the risk for your industry, contract and special requirementsD. This answer depends on the maturity of your developers	C
177: Which approaches can help increase the quality of software?
I. Incorporating rigorous testing
II. Preventing change requests
III. Establishing defects metrics
IV. Allocating schedule contingencies
A. I and II are true; III and IV are false
B. II and IV are true; I and II are false
C. I and IV are true; II and III are falseD. I and III are true; II and IV are false	D
178: Features to be tested, approach, item pass / fail criteria and test deliverables should be specified in which document?
A. Test case specification
B. Test procedure specification
C. Test plan
D. Test design specification	C
179: What is the difference between component testing and integration testing?
A. Component testing tests interfaces; integration testing searches for defects
B. Component testing searches for defects; integration testing tests Interfaces
C. Developers perform component testing; testers perform integration testingD. Testers perform component testing; users perform integration testing	B
180: Fault Masking is
A. Error condition hiding another error condition
B. Creating a test case which does not reveal a fault
C. Masking a fault by developerD. Masking a fault by a tester	A
181: Which of the following is not a quality characteristic listed in ISO 9126 Standard?
A. Functionality
B. Usability
C. SupportabilityD. Maintainability	C
182: One
Key reason why developers have difficulty testing their own work is :
A. Lack of technical documentation
B. Lack of test tools on the market for developers
C. Lack of trainingD. Lack of Objectivity	D
183: Statement Coverage will not check for the following.
A. Missing Statements
B. Unused Branches
C. Dead CodeD. Unused Statement	A
184: Given the Following program
IF X <>= Z
THEN Statement 2;
END
McCabe s Cyclomatic Complexity is :
A. 2
B. 3
C. 4D. 5	A
185: To test a function, the programmer has to write a _________, which calls the function to be tested and passes it test data.
A. Stub
B. Driver
C. ProxyD. None of the above	B
186: Pick the best definition of quality
A. Quality is job one
B. Zero defects
C. Conformance to requirementsD. Work as designed	C
187: Boundary value testing
A. Is the same as equivalence partitioning tests
B. Test boundary conditions on, below and above the edges of input and output equivalence classes
C. Tests combinations of input circumstancesD. Is used in white box testing strategy	B
188: An input field takes the year of birth between 1900 and 2004
The boundary values for testing this field are
A. 0,1900,2004,2005
B. 1900, 2004
C. 1899,1900,2004,2005
D. 1899, 1900, 1901,2003,2004,2005	C
189: How many test cases are necessary to cover all the possible sequences of statements (paths) for the following program fragment? Assume that the two conditions are independent of each other:
if (Condition 1) then statement 1 else statement 2
fi
if (Condition 2)
then statement 3
fi
A. 2 Test Cases
B. 3 Test Cases
C. 4 Test CasesD. Not achievable	C
190: A common test technique during component test is
A. Statement and branch testing
B. Usability testing
C. Security testingD. Performance testing	A
191: In a review meeting a moderator is a person who
A. Takes minutes of the meeting
B. Mediates between people
C. Takes telephone calls
D. Writes the documents to be reviewed	B
192: Acceptance test cases are based on what?
A. Requirements
B. Design
C. Code
D. Decision table	A
193: Which documents specify features to - be tested, approach, and pass / fail criteria?
A. Test plan and test design specification
B. Test plan and test case specification
C. Test procedure specification and test design specificationD. Test case specification and test procedure specification	A
194: Independent Verification & Validation is
A. Done by the Developer
B. Done by the Test Engineers
C. Done By Management
D. Done by an Entity Outside the Project s sphere of influence	D
195: Defect Management process does not include
A. Defect prevention
B. Deliverable base-lining
C. Management reportingD. None of the above	D
196 What is a group of test activities that are organized and managed together?
A. Test procedure specification
B. Test level
C. Test case specificationD. Test plan	B
197: What is the key difference between (a) contract and regulation acceptance testing, and (b) alpha and beta testing?
A. (a) are performed outside the company and (b) are conducted by the test team
B. (a) are conducted by regulators and (b) are performed by system administrato rs
C. (a) are mandatory test for government applications and (b) are usually optionalD. (a) are for custom-developed software and (b) are for off the - shelf software	D
198: Regression testing should be performed:
v) Every week
w) After the software has changed
x) As often as possible
y) When the environment has changed
z) Wwhen the project manager says
A. v & w are true, x z are false
B. w, x & y are true, v & z are false
C. w & y are true, v, x & z are false
D. w is true, v, x y and z are false
E. All of the above are true	C
199: During which test activity could faults be found most cost effectively?
A. Execution
B. Design
C. Planning
D. Check Exit criteria completion	C
200: What is the difference between testing software developed by contractor outside your country, versus testing software developed by a contractor within your country?
A. Does not meet people needs
B. Cultural difference
C. Loss of control over reallocation of resourcesD. Relinquishments of control	B
